HANDSHAKE
The only handshake is the sender’s first SYN packet must receive a SYN-ACK back, if not in a few seconds, then the sender knows to postpone
sending because the far-end is powered down. Both ends need to always either be powered down or in receive mode when not sending. 

ACKNOWLEDGING SUCCESSFUL FILE TRANSFER
After many always perfect encrypted file transfers, it is tempting to assume no acknowledgement is ever needed. But there are known network 
conditions that may interfere on a given IP packet’s path, so some form of acknowledgment is needed. 

Since most transfers are perfect, it is suggested that the receiver only positively acknowledge a received translatedbinaryout file that 
decrypts by sending back the translatedbinaryout file of just received bytes. Don’t send anything back when decryption fails, or optionally
send back a plaintext file to help describe the decryption failure: "Received 309 bytes". "Wrong key", etc. Sender then compares the bytes
sent back by receiver to the encrypted bytes sent forward. When both are the same, as they most often will be, then there is an implicit 
acknowledgment that the sender’s message has been received properly. When not the same, sender resends the file transfer.

When the bytes sender receives don’t match the bytes sent then the sender repeats the process until sender sees the bytes received back
are equal to bytes sent. Sender will also notice when there is no positive acknowledgment or plaintext response and will repeat the file
transfer to receiver, knowing that the receiver’s SYN-ACK handshake has confirmed that the receiver is not powered down. 

DECRYPTION FAILURES
There are network conditions that may cause transmission packet loss. Usually changing one or both IP addresses is needed to dodge an 
IP path that has interference. Changing home wireless routers at one end will change the DHCP IP address assigned by an ISP. This creates
a new IP pair and therefore a new IP path. If there is still interference, then both ends need to change IP addresses.

TCP OFFLOAD
TCP Offload only affects a sender, the receiver’s kernel always receives whole packets with a received TCP Checksum that may, or may not be 
pre-evaluated and marked valid or invalid by a NIC. Some senders will have TCP Offload effectively disabled by default, receiver can check
sender's initial packets to know if efforts to disable sender's TCP Offload are needed when received TCP Checksums are never invalid.
